.\" Copyright (c) 2024 Casey Schaufler (casey@schaufler-ca.com) February 16, 2024
.\"
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: Linux-man-pages-copyleft
.\"
.TH lsm_get_self_attr 2 (date) "Linux man-pages (unreleased)"
.SH NAME
lsm_get_self_attr \- get Linux security module attributes of the process
.SH LIBRARY
Linux Security Module library
.RI ( liblsm ", " \-llsm )
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sys/lsm.h>
.P
.BI "int lsm_get_self_attr(unsigned int " attr ,
.BI "                      struct lsm_ctx *" ctx ,
.BI "                      u32 *" size ,
.BI "                      u32 " flags );
.P
.SH DESCRIPTION
Return Linux Security Module (LSM) attributes specified by
.I attr
for the current process in the buffer pointed to by
.IR ctx .
The size of the buffer is specified by
.IR size .
On return the size value is reset to reflect the total size
of all the returned attributes.
Special handling of the data is specified in
.IR flags.
.P
The full list of supported flags is as follows:
.TP
.B LSM_FLAG_SINGLE
Report only one attribute value.
The value for the LSM identified in
.I ctx
will be reported.
.P
.SS The lsm_ctx structure
This system call returns data into a set of
.I lsm_ctx
structures (see
.
.BR lsm_ctx (3type)).
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the number of attributes is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, and
.I errno
is set to indicate the error.
.SH ERRORS
.B EFAULT
Bad address.
.TP
.B EINVAL
The value passed in
.I attr
is not a valid LSM attribute ID, or the
.I flags
value is unrecognized.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Out of memory (i.e., kernel memory).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsm_set_proc_attr (2),
.BR lsm_list_modules (2),
.BR lsm_ctx (3type)
